hey guys it's on Shiva signature
um Calico and I'm going to be showing
you my school supplies alright so this
is my materials checklist and I have a
lot of things on it but I still need
more sorry I'm kind of like really super
hyper right now um so yeah um I'm just
gonna show you like all my school
supplies I have now but I still need to
buy some yes alright so first we're
gonna start over here okay so um I have
two or three ring binders I need one for
math science and social studies so I
need to get one more but yeah okay um so
there's I need one more of those and
then um this is a pencil paste and you
don't take this stuff out because um
first social studies we have a we don't
have books for social studies we have
see the use so when we need to take at
home we have to bring the CD home in
this so I just like got this like last
year and I never used this so it's big
enough to hold something in it oh and
then frying tape markers so here's my
fine tip markers like there's about like
but there's a lot I know that something
really stinks in my room I really don't
know what it is but uh and then I'm just
got home and she bought me um
these sets of five tabs holder things so
yeah they're cool colors um so I only
needed one set of these but um now I got
me like three I guess
she got me 20 highlighters so they came
in the pack so she got me two of each
pack so she got me two of those and then
two of those and so I really don't know
why she brought me highlighters because
I already have millions in my dresser
well I'm not my dresser but my cabinet
and then we have paper clips we're gonna
need those and then I got this eraser
sharpener thing so that could just go on
my back oh okay just go to eat for a
second
okay so he buddy this is my bag I got it
from the Girl Scouts or mrs. Grose
Custer here and yeah that's it that's my
backpack then I've got another pencil
case for just like my pencils inside and
at party
I'm Raquel slowly this is a true
statement
yeah so that's pretty cool why do they
do that
but yeah I don't know if this will hold
everything
but Jesus cuz I have like so much
freaking stuff and then I have crayons I
don't know what my mom bought me crayons
but I really don't need him I just need
colored pencils and I have erasers I
love erasers even that's my best friend
because like I used to collect erasers
like these I used to have like a hundred
fifty of them or more it was crazy and
when I have it now ed hardy drawing
thingy
come to the Kulu pocket so yeah oh I
really wanted one of these Stan because
mine is about full so yeah and then I
got no book which I need like one or two
more but this one's like really really
pretty
hold on I'm gonna turn my lamp unto all
that helps a lot okay so yeah I got this
at hardy folder really cool and then I
got this boring one but I got last year
with my bike
um and then I got these glue sticks
they're purple and then I got tape and
then I have report covers my mom there's
like 30 in each so I got like six of
them so yeah I thought that'd be pretty
cool
these are different okay so yeah I have
six things
and then oh I have paper mate pencils on
mechanical pencils hoop X's those and
then tens and a pencil and that's it for
now well my son with all this stuff you
guys probably don't wanna like hear me
read those but yeah um I will make a
part two to this when I get the rest of
my stuff so yes alright so yeah thanks
for watching everybody bye